


customer:

Dashboard, Basic Information, Properties, Legal = 3 pages

basic information is some fields from customer table  (what is some fields)
properties is the properties that belong to customer in tabs .
legal is fields from customer_legal table


Manager:

Dashboard, Customers, Properties = 2 pages

with the tables inside to create and edit 

Admin

Dashboard, Customers, Properties, Users = 3 pages  



you will not display all fields, i will send you the afternoon which ones not to display

Customer_legal_info ;; can you explain this?

yes.
80% of customers they dont have legal information 
so i put in the customer table the information that is common to all clients

and i created the legal_info table with the fields that only 20% have(extra fields)

the key of the table is the same with the primary key of customer table

AND

you say  that key of the customer_legal_info is the same with primary key of customer 

it is reference of the customer table primary key

it is foreign key

So f the logged in customer has id=5

in the basic info page you display the record of the customer table with id =5 right?


in the legal info page you display the record of the customer_legal table with id=5.

in the costomer property info page you display the record of the customer_legal table with id=5.

right?

no

in the properties page you display from property table
property information

you will find which one from the junction table

from the junction table you can see the id's of the properties that belong to the logged in customer.

and if it is id=2 and id=6

you display the property table info with id=2 in the first tab
and the property info with id=6 to the second

If customer(id=2) has customer_property id(1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10), I will display 10 tabs

yes

on junction table this would have 10 records

junction_id = 1     c_id =2  p_id = 1
junction_id = 2     c_id =2  p_id = 2
...

this means customer id=2  owns these two properties

if he owns 10 the junction table would have 10 records  OKEY.






I understood..
SO how much can you pay to me for this?
Okay I will work for a long time.

But I want to know your budget for this project. 

We agreed on this basic functionality for 200 euro until sunday
and then i tell you the rest(contct pages and notification) and we agree on how much and timeframe
But this requiement is different with yesterday requirement.
So I want high budget.
Honestly I can reveice salary for site like this site.

But I worked with you from beginning so I don't want salary. 
So I want you suggest high budget.

wait
what is the difference from yesterday???
i dont understand
right. because we didn't discuss in a more detail like today.
But we discussed in a more detail so I can understand this.


So can't you suggest high budget for me?

I dont have much money right now, tell me what you didn't expect to see if i can make it for you
if i had more time i could make you another deal, i won;t be able to pay more now.
200Euro is very low
if you get it to point still there is a lot more to do in this website

its is only the basic functionality
the theme i provided and you got 120 until before

so it is 320 to this point and still it is not ready
it is only functionality, no style, nothing
and it still needs more functionality.

Whenever this is 320eur, this is low.
I don't want to debate with budget.

me neither buddy. 
the problem is i cant pay you more this week.
So lets make another deal
can you makethis part with 200 by displaying not all the fields and i do the rest
and i will pay you 50 or 100 extra on the next part. the contact page and notification
50 or a 100 more than the sum you want for the job
so if you can do it with 100 i will pay 200 for the next part i mean.

I don't know how I have to say to you now.
So do you want to make this with 200euro?

i dont want to waste your time.
let me think. 
When can we discuss again?

the problem is i don't have more money tdhis week
I can understand you, but I want you help me. 

sorry, i lost you

i was saying.
my options now are either to deal with on doing less
or try to do it myself since Sunday and hire you after that to continue
and i have to quit the other things i am doing until Sunday
I can start this project now. Next week can you pay extra ?

next week i can pay more but i have to present this part Monday morning
So can you provide db? I have to start now. and you can check my project now. I corrected that.

i have sent you the db. Okey I will check


Can you see this?yes
yesterday i correct errors.and made alert.
Hi
yes i s
So can I start to work your project now? hi
i am here. can I start to work your project now?
what can you do with 200 until Sunday?
We can do what we discussed but I hope you give me a bonus after that.

i will be specific

i will need to work on the project all the next week after you deliver cause i need to add more pages
i told you only these pages cause i didn't have enough money
then after i finish this i can hire you again for contact page and customer notification
how much would normaly get for this?
This depends on you.I hope you pay to me if you want to help you.

yesterday i was thinking 100 for notification and contact page
i can pay you 200 for this.
Okay 

After tomorrow this time, we will discuss again. 

ok. i need to know about this part for sure
because no matter what i must deliver this part monday morning
and not as you give me the project, i will need to add some things before i even show it
like other icons and some pages

so if you deliver this part Sunday night i will have to work all night to do these things

I can do that part, i know well about your project so I will work on our project from start to end.
Can you deliver for sure this part at Sunday night the latest? Sunday early would be a lot better okay.
So you and I have to work on weekend unfortunately. 

SO can we discconnect this session now?

yes buddy, and sorry i cant pay more right now, and then next week?

Monday 9 on march i will have finished all other stuff i want to put in and then i can hire you to finish 

until then i won't have money
What do you mean? you can't pay 200erou?

i can only pay 200 this Sunday

for the rest i can hire you again in a week
only a week?

yes, next Sunday-Monday

Okay , After tomorrow afternoon,we will discuss again?
for help or questions about the project you can ask whatever you want

do deliver this part until Sunday i need to know for sure  yeah I can finish that until sunday.

ok, i will pay you 200 on Sunday  okay
Can we disconnect this session?

yes byebye
bb